Update deployment-failed.md (#5876)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/troubleshooting/deployments/deployment-failed.md

2. Navigate to `site` > `locks` folder

> 3. In the folder, there should be a file named `upgrading`, `upgrade-failed` or `failed-upgrade`. Remove this file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the folder, there should be a file named `upgrading`, `upgrade-failed` or `failed-upgrade`. Remove these files. 
```
